Daily scrum meeting, April 21st (Sprint 1)

10:00 - meeting start

10:00 - Android team meeting
Bogdan: GUI, navigation, will finish GUI and navigation, no problems
Uldis: GUI, fixed problems, will work on WebClient, no problems
Krist√≥f: backend classes, documentation, will merge branches and do backend, no problems

10:15 - data team meeting
Audrius: controllers, services, will work on finishing controllers, no problems
Levente: not present due to personal reasons
Samantha: mapping, extract-load (except edw - fact table), will work on updating DWH, no problems
Shaoyu: mapping, extract-load (except edw - fact table), will work on updating DWH, no problems

10:30 - IoT team meeting
Daria: setup hardware, testing, redid gateway server, will work on diagrams, documentation, if Ib sends UI, then lorawan connection, problem: lorawan sends data a bit differently, would need a workshop
Mihai: setup hardware, testing, will work on diagrams, documentation, if Ib sends UI, then lorawan connection, no other problems
Natali: setup hardware, testing, will work on diagrams, documentation, if Ib sends UI, then lorawan connection, no other problems

Conclusions:
Meeting completed, impediments are pending external support. Team is ready to proceed. 